{:date #inst "2021-11-15" :subject ""}

*You can give feedback via email, [Discord](https://discord.gg/xAumsfVyRd) or [Twitter](https://twitter.com/the_sample_umm).*

Last week I mentioned that our retention/monetization is plausibly good enough for us to use paid acquisition as a primary growth channel. Turns out we haven't been getting great ROI from our Facebook lead ad&mdash;we were able to go through a $40/day budget with an average CPA of $1 or so (1st tier audience), but they've been less engaged then our other subscribers. In particular, their click-through rate for the "subscribe in 1 click" link is like 0.3%, while the average is currently 2.5%. FB ads might still work out, but we'll need to spend more time optimizing. In the mean time we've decreased the ad spend.

While my cofounder works on that, I'm going to resume buying classified ads in newsletters. (So far I've booked one in Maker Mind for this Thursday). My experience with newsletter ads is that they're very hit and miss (usually miss). On the plus side, the people you get are guaranteed to be "newsletter people" since they came from a newsletter, and maybe sponsoring a bunch of publishers will also help The Sample get more word-of-mouth growth. In any case, I'll spend some more time/money on it and see if I can get the numbers to work out.

Maybe we can make a deal: if you've used newsletter ads to grow your subscribers, [fill out this quick form](https://airtable.com/shri5zuzYCawBuUXE) with the names or URLs of the ones you've had success with. In return, I'll include in this weekly publisher report the performance for all newsletter ads we buy. For example&mdash;by far the best ROI I've had was when I bought a classified ad in [Dense Discovery](https://www.densediscovery.com/) several months ago. I believe it was $90 at the time, and I got almost 200 subs from it. Ridiculous. (Unsurprisingly, the ad slots are usually all full. You have to get on a waiting list.)

Whether FB or newsletters, if we can get positive ROI on *some* paid acquisition strategy, we'll proceed to dump as much money as we can into it. I currently do about $1k/month worth of freelancing (web dev) which we're using as our current ad budget, and then there's the ~$800/month we're getting from The Sample, minus a couple hundred for servers and email. I'm open to doing more freelancing in order to increase our ad budget.

Besides all that, I've mostly finished redoing our behind-the-scenes software architecture stuff, after which we'll try out another handful of algorithm tweaks. It's going somewhat slowly though since I have family in town and am thus sort of on vacation, I guess. (Speaking of which, it's always amusing when you go to the post office only to discover it's closed thanks to some holiday. I'm much less aware of those since I haven't had a regular job in almost three years).

On a final note, our daily active users have continued to increase, even though it's been two weeks since the spike from [the blog post](https://thesample.ai/blog/10k-subscriptions/). The 7-day moving average was 1,948 today, up from 1,825 a week ago (a 6.7% increase). We've been averaging 40 signups per day. So that's two weeks in a row of growth... mwa ha ha. (Of course a portion of that is from dumping money into FB). Maybe we'll get lucky and start to grow consistently from word-of-mouth and cross-promotion, and all this paid acquisition stuff will be less important than simply improving the product. (Fingers crossed).

Jacob
